# May 11th, 2020

## Plans

Nothing, work and life

## Computer idea

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqvBaj8UYz4

Could use turning's basic idea of a computer to make a simple computer in minecraft. This is not a new idea but logging it for notes anyways.

The first idea is to make a litteral computer block with limited memory and lines per tick. Then place it into the world and have it read 1 or 0 in the same way its described in the video. You would have a pointer head, a tape of data, and an instruction set. Player would have to make the instruction set or use an existing one in the computer. From this they could output to basic IO and do simple redstone logic.

The second idea is to make an API that allows creating computers. You would define a computer model, define the RAM it has, define the processing power, and other properties. Such as how it reads data, can it process more then 1 data set, and how fast it reads data. From this we could create a series of computers and plug them into machines for use in the game.

Additional to this is we could automate assembly lines rather easily. As automate is not complex once broken down into basics. A controller for a machine will read input data, process the data & its current state, and output some actions + data. From this I could build super basic controller logic into a mod like assemblyline. Then pair it with my own computer mod or existing computer mods

Example:

* Conveyor belt
* Output data: Current speed
* Input data: Speed adjustments, on/off

Example 2:

* Detector
* Output data: current item
* Input data: on/off