# May 2nd, 2020

## Current Thoughts

Right now I don't have a solid plan. I need to continue what I did last week by cleaning and organizaing my living space. As this place is a mess and there is going to be little progress until I put things right.

For modding I do need to work on ICBM before Aidan decided he can replace me again. There is a rumor he is planning on merging his ICBM clone into Mekanism. This will go poorly for me if I don't do something. However, if it does happen and I do react it will go poorly for mekanism. As it might be the driving force I need to replace the mod.

For personal projects I do need to work on Jas's part design and a few web sites. Especially the sites as I need to find a good way to make money. As I don't want to work for someone else my entire life. My dream is to have my own studio for making software and maybe a few factories to pump out parts.

## ICBM vs Hypersonic

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0t06EkZJcM

Useful video for adding content to ICBM mod

Ballistic weapon -> Fires against gravity and then lets gravity pull it towards the target

Hypersonic -> goes as fast as an ICBM but can avoid detection. As it flies like a cruise missile and can do powered course corrections.

Two types

* Glid vehicles -> Fired by rocket into space and glides over the top of the atomosphere. When it gets near the target will stear and glide right into it. Avoiding detection in the process
* Cruise missiles -> Fired by a rocket but doesn't go into space. It will fly the same as a cruise missile but go far far faster. As well can do depressed flight going MK 25 to avoid detection areas. They also work as anti-ship weapons without warheads. Since the fast speed will release a lot of energy.

Cruise missile version has problems with the high speed causing a lot of heat. In which the heat can damage the device and cause it to fail.

In some cases the missile an get to 2000C, which will destroy normal materails and cause plasma to form. Which messes with the missile guidance systems and making it hard to track the target.

Seems the only way to attack these is with laser. As they move to fast to detect and even faster to counter with another missile.

----

Could make for a neat addition to the game. Mechanically they are no different then the current weapons in the mod. So in theory this would just be an upgrade package to increase speed. Not sure it fits well into ICBM-Classic. So I may need to save it for when I revive ICBM 2.0 in the future.