# May 9th, 2020

## Plans

Nothing, still focusing on self

## ICBM notes

Took notes on my phone yesterday or the day before? Need to make sure I log these in here at some point. 

First note/idea was to split launcher up into smaller blocks. This will improve render performance but also reduce multi-block complexity. I can either do this by maintaining the current layout. Then just spawn blocks with JSON models. My other option is to make the extra parts 100% optional and user placed. This would remove the need for complex multi-blocks and open up more design options. The concern with this is the deisgn would float towards ICBM 2.0 again. Which is not bad but also loses out on the original concept of making the mod 'icbm-classic'

Second note/idea was to add wires to connect terminals at distance. This is an old idea that I recalled randomly while thinking of the first. It has a lot of options including linking several launchers to a single terminal. However, the main idea was just to have this neat visual.

A third idea that I didn't take notes on was wireless cards for termails & launchers. This could allow the luanchers to have short range connections. As well could introduce an advantage to having wires. Wireless can be jammed and have low signal through walls. Along with this could cost more to craft and thus make larger setups scale heavier.

Big thing with this is I think I want to pull ICBM 2.0 concepts into classic. If I do this I need to rename the mod back to ICBM and drop the classic title. I can easily do this by changing the slug but no idea what this will do to modpacks. So I think I need to do some research first and figure out if its a good idea.

From a gameplay point of view I think its a great idea. Though I also think I might want to design it out more. As this could be better suited as an addon or a new mod design. After the failure that was ICBM 2.0 I really should spend more time on this design. As I over engineered ICBM 2.0 making it way to difficult to update.