# April 20, 2020

## Contineuing print

Re-sliced the print to include supports and less infill. The result was good, the part is strong and holds up rather well to brute force. However, when attempting to remove the supports in either hole it showed problems. Not only was some of the inside surface of the hole missing but the supports were rather difficult to remove. Still its a good starting point on a design.

## Reflection of print

Thinking over my design it has a few problems. First it requires supports for each end. This is why I think the previous cube design I got from thingiverse printed 45 angle cubes. From what I can tell this was done to not require supports. As the 3D print can layer with a little overhang on the previous layer. Allowing for effectively a small climb up in the same way stairs are done in Minecraft.

However, this is not want I want to do as it would require my joints to be printed in a different way. I might still try it later but not sure its a good solution for this specific use case.

The other issue this design has is too much mass. Not specifically in weight but more in volume... mass might be the wrong word. Either way, I think the design could use cut outs to reduce pastic required while improve strength.

## New design idea

I think for the next design I'm going to scale back to 100mm and do half the print. This way I can ignore doing supports and glue the two halfs together to make a completed stud. As well I will include holes to reduce print volume.

## New design created

New design is 100mm long, 10mm high, and 20mm wide. It also includes 10mm cut outs on each side and 10mm cut outs in the middle spaced every 5mm to reduce surface area. I didn't include any way to glue the halfs together more effectively. As I mainly want to test that part will print well first.

https://www.tinkercad.com/things/8m9r6SQb6AD/edit

Again cut outs were used in the model. I should research if there is a way to merge down layers but it works in export so no rush.

## First print

First print of the part looks good. It shows some signs of problems mainly with the PLA. The part warped near the bed ever so slightly. As well has some strands near the sides. I think this Amazon Basic PLA is not good quality for printing.

Still the strength of this part is impressive. Even though its 1/4th the size it is massively stronger then the previous iteration. It think this is due to the cut outs in the design and walls created by the printer. Its likely there is more supporting material in the center then a holo object with minimal infill I was using. I'll need to do more research to see if I used a larger volume of plastic as a result.

Print time seems to still be the same. Previous iteration was over an hour and this was 22mins based on slicer. Actual print time was 38mins and I'm not sure I logged the previous iteration's actual print time. Either way seems close enough and can be tuned for faster output.

## Second, Third, etc prints

I tried to print a few more later in the day. However, the PLA i'm using is failing badly. The print settings seem to be fine and it doesn't seem to be having hardware issues. It looks like the PLA is not heating consistently and is going between solid & liquid a bit randomly. Well after the part has been removed it is still very liquid like. I might have to drop the tempature down from 190C to 185C to see if that helps. 

First part -> Partial failure... stopped half way

Second part -> complete failure, PLA came away from the board and wrapped around the head into a blob... got to 100% this way and likely failed 3 to 4 layers into the print

Thirt part -> complete failure, PLA came away but I caught it within a second

5 & 6 were the same result. I need to clean the bed, check leveling, and adjust printer settings for this PLA. If it continues to fail i'm going to junk the Amazon PLA as I didn't have nearly this many issues with hatchbox PLA.