# April 22nd, 2020

## Plan

Plan will be to work on 3D printing more and look into writing a quick script to auto generate empty logs for notes. As in copy the template, set the date & time.

## Neat game

https://twitter.com/puppygames/status/1247282759615332352

Has a vibe just like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1KOb4_XK84&feature=youtu.be

https://store.steampowered.com/app/247710/Battledroid/

https://twitter.com/puppygames/status/1252723302218506244

https://www.puppygames.net/battledroid/

## Vision of a mod/game

Had an interesting vision of a gameplay scene. It starts off with a hill of robots flowing over. Very much inspired from the batteldroid game. The CGI style game cut scene (vision is of a cut scene) then breaks into a wall defense. Its crewed by machine gunners firing at the robots. They scream for more ammo as ammo bears run from the rear to restock. At the same time a unit with binoculars calls in for artillery. This results in a creeping barrage wiping out the front line. Out of the smoke pushes larger robots and is meet with anti-tank weapons.

Over all the whole thing is basically a humans vs robots clip. All units are voxel like with full animations but still very minecraft like box visuals. The units have joints unlike the game but sorta reminds me of Ace of Spades game.

From this my brain worked through each part figuring out what to make of it. I like the concept of building a mod around this idea. As I can create NPC units to mirror each action. Have a player build machine gun posts, then have them crewed by NPCs from a barraks (guardsman mod effectively). From this ammo runners can be created to move supplies from the rear to each post. 

Part of the resupply I had a vision to have the ammo animate a bit. Instead of just adding it to a chest it could be placed onto an ammo box. Visually showing the number of large belt boxes waiting. I could even code it so that the loader for the machine gun runs back and picks up the box physically. Giving it a very real life quality to it.

As for the visuals of the units, the humans were desert storm style of camo and armor. The robots were more closer to my artillects the battle droids. Having a more bug like visual.

Another note was an idea to have a detailed command system the player could create. Instead of manually commanding each unit the player could code simple AI responses. I've had this idea several times before and tried to make it in guardsman back in the day. The core concept was to layer over simple tasks to create complex logic for AIs. You would tell a guard to follow a patrol but then say 'IF X happens do Y'. This would work with the above in that ammo runners would wait for a low ammo call. The emplacements for give this call out when they hit a set level defined by the player. On top of this a priority system could be define and even ammo runners limited/shared for emplacements. The artillery fire could also be setup so that "IF X units enter Y zone invoke command Z". 

Big thing with the above is that it would be amazing to make this all verbal. Instead of just being action and reaction it would have a physical sound/animation. You would see the machine gun run out, followed by the loader realizing they are on last box, then have a call made for "More ammo" being made.

From this we can also do other useful AI tasks. Such as "IF no ammo, wait" or "IF no ammo, and treat is near... dismount and use hand weapons" or even "IF low ammo, and threat is near... recover weapon system and fallback".

Interesting visual that comes to mind is an NPC throwing the machine gun over the shoulder while the loader uses an assult rifle to cover. With both units falling back towards the rear line. This wouldn't even be that hard to code. Have the gunner pickup the weapon, play animation to shoulder, and start pathfinding to the rear. Then have the loader convert to a rifle AI and follow the gunner.

Should also do a whole radio system as well. Have it play overchat for anyone nearby the NPCs.

"This is emplacement Z897 requesting rolling fire"

"Confirmed ETA 15 seconds"

Guns rotate to new location and align to targets

"Rolling fire commensing"

Several seconds of explosions

"Rolling fire completed"

Guns cycle down and switch to next fire mission

----

There is a lot that can be done with these concepts/ideas. Its stuff like this that got me inspired to work on mods like Guardsman back in 2011. I would get a vision of an amazing concept that would drive a massive design effort. Then would turn around and produce something amazing even if only 5% as impressive as the original idea.

----

Take away:

* Emplacements (machine guns, cannons, artillery)
* Cargo system (ammo runners)
* NPCs (solders, ammo runners, commanders, spotters, crew)
* Robots ( bad guys :P )
* NPC command system (Do action if condition(s))

## More cool visualization things

https://twitter.com/FreyaHolmer/status/1252317836057378820